In previous sessions we have already seen we created four page for participants and admin page also,
so all the participants sign up.
We created this page for login and signup, so this is a page for signup page and we have already seen
how we are going to store this to the database.
So this is for signup, but what is for login page?
So it should validate each and every person according to that.
So what I'm going to create, I'm going to create one another page, each HTML page, participant login
page for the login purpose of participants in this we are going to pass only two fields username and
password.
So what will happen?
User or participants will add this inside this page, username and password the given one while signing
up.
So this will use the VIP validate password I'm considering here.
To validate each and every person's or participants during this.
So this is about the log in.
This is very simple page and I'm using form method.
We have already seen form method in admin page or admin scenario also.
So as I told you, we already created this.
I'm closing this now.
So what will happen once each login is done?
It should proceed to the next page.
So let us see how we can create VPA Java solid.
So just a simple thing.
Go to source package right click the new and add servlet while adding servlet.
I'm telling you how to tick mark the add to the web XML file also that servlet.
So this is our VAP page, I can say so this is taking all the inputs or they are using libraries.
All the libraries.
And this is all about the VPN exchange.
You know about this part.
It should throw the Soviet exception and everything.
And this is also important things inside.
Writing the solid.
So what is it's doing?
It is fetching the data.
From each HTML form fetching the data from the HTML form.
This is a username and password.
So what if log in, do not validate.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create another simple Java program to invoke this.
These things so we can say Java servlet and I'm going to use this as these are the public things.
We can easily use this without using any object or something because these are in the same package,
default package.
So no need to specify object and then go further.
So an MP and MP basically this is the username and password.
I'm passing this and this will proceed to participants event html simple if not stay on that page using
or do not include.
I'm going to tell you what is included method also in further videos or further examples and this is
all about to stay on same page as sorry.
Username and password are incorrect.
I will put there and.
And let's read about this and I'm closing the connection I've got.
So these are all our things like for Validate, but now we are going to create a log in or I can say
log in this to validate the password.
So this is very important method.
I'm going to use this.
So just create another method due to time constraint.
I'm going to explain this.
I already created this method.
So I will tell and I will explain this part.
So inside this source package you have to right click, then create Java solid and invoke the login.
So let us see how we can create this method here.
Our need is just java is no need to invoke anything.
Then it should be boolean because I am going to pass boolean value as a status.
Or we can say true or false.
If is true it will pass.
If it's false, it will show the error.
It is very simple, as you can see.
So I created one method.
Public static boolean.
Validate as you just validate boolean.
Method string username.
Now remember, what is this username?
As I told you, there is very important things in this.
It should not be any different things.
Why?
I am using this specific names here.
So if you know that while creating table in the cmd, I will bring this select.
Selects are from plug in details.
You can see our this feature username like this password is like this and name like this.
So I'm just storing the name.
I'm not using the name, I'm going to use username.
So this and these are very important.
Hence I'm using.
Similar things inside this, which is username and password.
Or as a feel or I can say the arguments parameters.
So this very simple thing I'm going to use.
So these are the parameters.
And to pass the username and password here first create a boolean variable I'm setting to status is
equal to false.
First it should be false.
It should not be always true.
So I'm passing this false.
Then I want to access the database.
So for accessing the database, I'm using this class for a name.
Oracle gdb driver.
This is a very simple thing to invoke the class in this, so I'm asking for the connection driver manager
in this and I'm passing with pseudo username of database and password of the database and that particular
user.
You can create one another string for this and you can directly put that string also here.
But I'm just passing directly here because the program is very short, then I'm considered a prepared
statement.
So in the previous cases like store to store the participants, you can see we can we are creating create
statements and the statements and we are executing the query.
But in this what I'm going to do, I already create a prepared statement.
What is the difference between the these entities?
So this is we can see the instant statement.
You need not to execute something to execute that query or we can say we can invoke it very advanced
things inside this as these store B what is it's doing is just executing that query and it's just forwarding.
But in this I want to create everything and each and every statement.
So what is doing it's create a prepared statement is this statement.
So let's start from p log in details where username is this question mark.
So what is the thing between question mark?
The question mark specifies the line number so we can say 1 to 3 sequential numbers here.
So I don't know what is the sequential number of this.
It can be 2000.
Also, as the 2000 position of the row username appears.
Again, like inside the CMD.
As you can see, this is the first name I know this is first and this is second.
But while putting all the names, all the user names, the username can be disturbed and this can be
become fourth password.
So for that purpose, I'm putting question marks there because I don't know the specific position of
that.
So username and password, it's selecting.
So string one slash username and 4 to 4 the password.
So it's like that one for username, two for password.
If the username comes at third position, then password becomes at the fourth position.
So Java program will take care of that.
Then the result set is equal to dot execute query to execute this if status adds dot next to provide
the further to go to further one then third position then check odd number position and then even number
position for the username and password.
I'm closing the connection.
I'm accepting this exception and I'm returning the status as this boolean.
I have to return something so I'm retaining the status.
So this is all about logging the login credentials or logging informations.
So inside this file, validating it should validate our username and password.
So this is all about how we can create participant's logging scenario using sign up.
So let us see.
I will build this project first.
To check whether there are some errors or not.
If there are errors, we have to debug some things here.
So as you can see, our database process is started and G+ server is running now.
So this will boot up your every program inside this servlet and it will throw your output to your default
browser and it will show you automatically.
So every time while you are running this first time after opening this, it has to build and clean build
and then it will execute.
So you can see all the frameworks are distributing, then visiting an visited reference, then it will
show everything, virtual server and everything.
So it will take time to load everything.
So now you can see our this page is now loaded and this is all about we created the event portal, so
let us see how we can go through the participants log login page so we already know how we can create
sign up.
Now we have to move to participants, log in.
So this is about the participants log in.
So let us go to CMD and we know that our username is j101 and password is one, two, three, four.
Let us see if we put this.
What is happen?
j1010 and one two.
One, two, three, four.
So as you can see, I already created the further page for this.
So I moved to the further page, which is basically participant's page participants, page for event
registration and everything.
I already created that page, but inside ID while you are deploying you can see we created participants
event email HTML.
If you are not created this page, it will throw the for zero for error basically.
But for all that I am concerned I already created everything page inside this.
So inside this I created participant's event page.
So this is all about the participant event and everything.
So what inside this we created, we want participants sign up, participants log in, validating the
participants and log in.
So what will happen exactly?
So inside the Java program it will fetch that username.
Is this password for this?
Is this.
So while validating this it will check both for that username.
Password should be same like that.
Likewise that it will execute everything inside this.
So as you can see we are using two pos method.
So there are two methods inside this do post and do it.
Let us see what is the difference between them.
So this is all about the gate and post method.
So in case of guess that only a limited amount data can be sent to the header, but inside the post
we can save a large amount of data.
Like you can create any amount of HTML tags and anything inside, but inside yet you have to execute
at least two or three only you cannot proceed with further.
So that request is not secured because data is exposed on URL bar.
As you can see, I want to store inside the chrome as you can see.
It is not showing anything.
Your participants log in or anything, but while you are using the gate method, it will show everything
like your username and password.
So this is a very insecure method.
So this is very important to post method is very secure.
But while using some simple things like I want to fetch the data, just want to fetch data from database
and I want to show you I want to declare everything you can use.
Git method data request can be bookmarked, but what do you bookmark?
Method means you can invoke it again and again, but post method you cannot invoke it again and again.
Only one time you can use get request.
Is it important?
It important means if second request will be ignored when first request is delivered.
Like you cannot ask for too many gate methods, but inside post method you can ask for too many post
same post methods.
Gate request is more efficient and use more than post like inside our project for logging and everything.
I want to create a one secure scenario so I use post method are not a gate method.
As you can see inside this id I used mostly post method for in also or store password is also everything.
I used your post method because for the logging and everything I need to create a one security environment.
If I use do get a method.
What will happen exactly inside chrome as you can see or for the login it will pass like username is
this and password is this for that purpose?
As we know, we are creating some things here.
You can also go with some encrypted password methods or everything, but it's very complicated programming
for the simple programming.
What you can do, you can create just to do post method to secure every environment because it's not
showing your username and password inside the URL bar.
So this is all about the things why you do post method.
So what is do post or do get a method used to invoke the request.
So we want to create request so we use their do post or to get method in to three cases.
In further scenarios, I will tell you how we can use do get method.
So get request is more efficient.
As you can see, it takes tool too much less time than do post method do post method takes too much
time to invoke it and run everything inside the Java program.
So this is all about the do post method.
Other than the do post method, we have too many things get parameter inside this, but in further scenarios
I will tell you how we can create servlet request interface.
So in this case, we created everything related to do it and do post.